# OpenFilWallet

OpenFilWallet focuses on creating an easy-to-use miner HD wallet, which is convenient for users to initiate ordinary transactions and multi-signature transactions simply and safely. OpenFilWallet allows users to easily initiate transactions without importing private keys to daemon node. OpenFilWallet provides offline functionality, allowing it to act as an offline signature machine, providing maximum security.

OpenFilWallet provides a safe and simple way to send Filecoin transactions, and introduces a mnemonic function to facilitate account management, and ensures wallet security through encryption. The focus is to provide a simple multi-signature transaction experience, lower the threshold for using the multi-signature function, and promote network stability.

OpenFilWallet provides two usage modes: Command line client and Web UI.

See the docs at [https://docs.openfilwallet.com](https://docs.openfilwallet.com/) to get started.

Note: Because the git submodule is used in the compilation process, the code of `filecoin-ffi` needs to be automatically pulled during compilation, so you need to configure the ssh key in your github.



## Warn

The mnemonic phrase generated by OpenFilWallet fully complies with the bip39 specification and is compatible with other wallets. Before you use it, **Please back up the mnemonic**.

Although OpenFilWallet provides a login password function, **it is strongly recommended that you use it locally**. Do not deploy on the server for remote use, which may introduce other security risks, such as from network attacks.

OpenFilWallet is a free, open source project. In the implementation process, I attach great importance to and consider security as much as possible, such as the separation of transaction generation and transaction signature, and the encrypted storage of mnemonic words and private keys.

However, I can't guarantee that there are no bugs. I have tried my best to make it more secure, but please note that I cannot and will not bear your accidental losses, whether it is because of OpenFilWallet or not. In short, I wish you safe protection of your assets.

I will seek the community's help and advice, and strive to build a miner's, safe, open source, community wallet.



## Bug report

Any errors, exceptions, you are welcome to report, please raise issue.

## Feature request

You can file an issue to initiate a feature request.

## Contribute

OpenFilWallet is a universally open project and welcomes contributions of all kinds: code, docs, and more.

## License

The OpenFilWallet is licensed under the [GPL-3.0](https://github.com/OpenFilWallet/OpenFilWallet/blob/main/LICENSE)
